Term entry c sharp sort (#1542)
Codecademy/docs: content/c-sharp/concepts/arrays/terms/sort/sort.md

---
Title: '.Sort()'
Description: 'Arranges the elements of an array in ascending or alphabetical order.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'Arrays'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-c-sharp'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`.Sort()`** array method arranges the elements of an array in ascending or alphabetical order.

## Syntax

```pseudo
Array.Sort(myArray);
```

`.Sort()` is a static method of the `Array` object. It takes one parameter, `myArray`, a one-dimensional zero-based array. The `.Sort()` method arranges the elements of the given array in ascending or alphabetical order.

## Example

> The following example initializes the `letters` array with strings, then uses the `.Sort()` method to arrange the strings alphabetically. Finally, the `Console.Write()` method prints the sorted array to the console with a `foreach` loop:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example initializes the `letters` array with strings, then uses the `.Sort()` method to arrange the strings alphabetically. Finally, a `foreach` loop passes each element of the sorted array to the `Console.Write()` method to be printed:
```

Reviewer: Just a minor edit here, the original text suggests that the console.write method is ahead of the loop in the order of operations

Author: Yes, that is much more precise!
